docs: add mTLS configuration for infra agent (#22778)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/infrastructure-agent/configuration/infrastructure-agent-configuration-settings.mdx

    </table>
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    className="freq-link"
    id="http-server-cert"
    title="http_server_cert"
  >

>     Path to a PEM-encoded certificate to listen for integration payloads over HTTPS. When configured along with `http_server_key`, the agent will use HTTPS for the integration payload server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The path to a PEM-encoded certificate used to listen for integration payloads over HTTPS. When configured with `http_server_key,` the agent uses HTTPS for the integration payload server.
```
